[Autogenerated] All right, so in this section,
we're actually going to start diving into A W s storage management.
Now,
AWS offers us several tools that we are able to use
to manage our storage in a W s, most of which are free.
And the ones that are not free are extremely cheap.
So in this next,
SYRIZA clips were actually going to take a look at several
key technologies and services offered.
This is going to include different storage classes.
We're gonna look at version ing encryption.
We're gonna play around with life cycle rules as
well as cross region replication.
And then we're gonna finish up with storage metrics
and intelligent storage tearing.
So let's actually go ahead and dive into looking at storage classes in AWS.
Now you can see I have a bucket already created for all of these demos,
but I'm actually going to go ahead and create another bucket,
and I'm gonna call this the same bucket Dash one,
and we're gonna walk through creating a bucket step by step really
quick so you can see you specify the region.
Now, bucket names have to be globally unique,
even though they belong in specific regions.
And this is because this is where your data is actually being stored.
But the names themselves are global.
If we wanted to weaken copy existing settings from another bucket,
we're not gonna do that.
I'm gonna click on next,
and we can see that we can enable version ing server access,
logging.
So if you want a log requests,
we can add tags here we can do object level logging,
which is cloud trail.
If you remember in those clips that we talked about
enabling cloud trail ap I activity,
we could enable default encryption and then underneath advanced settings.
Here we have that we can actually do an object block,
so allows objects to be locked in the bucket.
The next thing we see is management,
so we can actually send cloudwatch request metrics for an additional cost.
And we're actually going to talk about most of these in the upcoming clips.
So I'm gonna skip all these for now and click on next.
And then this brings us to our public access settings page.
So this is where we can block all public access settings from being enabled.
Now,
this is a recommended practice because you normally do not want
to have a public bucket unless you're very sure that you want to
provide access toe pretty much anybody unless you have a very
specific reason to do so.
So I'm gonna leave all of these checks so it doesn't make anything public.
And I'm not going to grant that log delivery group right access.
And that's because I'm not pushing logs to this bucket.
So I'm gonna click on next,
and we get our reviews screen here so we can review
all of the settings that we set.
So let me go and create bucket And there we go.
We now have our new bucket.
Now that we've created our bucket,
let's actually take a look at the different storage classes.
Salami, open this up.
I'm gonna click on upload here, and I'm gonna go in added files.
Let me add that service catalog product Yamil file that we did earlier.
I'll click on next.
I'm gonna leave the defaults for the file permissions and click on next again,
and you can see we have our storage classes to find for us.
So let me scroll this for better viewing and you can see there's actually
several to choose from here that are offered to us by a W s.
Now standard is usually the one that's used the most.
It's frequently accessed data, but some people will use intelligent tearing,
so it's gonna automatically here, and we'll discuss that later on.
In the clips, you can do standard infrequent access.
So if it's not access very frequently,
you can get a break on costs by choosing this particular class.
And then they build off of that and actually have something
called one's own infrequently access.
And this is for your long lived in frequently access,
non critical data, and that is a very important piece to keep in mind.
It lives in one's own, so you're really taking a chance.
And depending on that one's own staying up at all times.
All of these other ones have more than one zone,
so that means they're going to be automatically
redundant in highly available now.
The next thing we see is glacier in Glacier allows us toe
archive data at a extremely cheap cost.
It's cold storage now.
One thing to keep in mind here is that when you archive data with Glacier,
your retrieval times can range from minutes all the way up to ours.
So essentially you have to request that the archive data is retrieved as
opposed to being able to just access it with standard storage.
And then we see Glacier Deep archives.
So that's data that is rarely, if ever needed.
So this is for stuff that you just need to keep,
maybe for auditing purposes for the last 10 years of data,
and you really, never, ever gonna look at it.
But you need to have it on hand as a just in case.
This is gonna be one of the cheapest ways that you can
assure your data is going to be safe,
secured and available at all times with a little bit of a lead time.
And then you can see they actually have a non
recommended one called reduced redundancy.
So this is going to be frequently accessed but non critical data.
So basically what this class does, is it saying,
Hey, if we lose one of these objects in this storage class,
that's OK.
It's not critical to our functioning of our service or our company,
and they actually just up the price on this to make this reduced redundancy
storage class more expensive than all of the other ones.
So that's their way of kind of forcing people off from using that in the future.
So for this one, let's just do one's own infrequently accessed.
I'm gonna click on next here, and then I'm gonna click on upload.
And there we go.
We now have our new object in our bucket with our
storage class over here on the right.
Now that's gonna go ahead and wrap this clip up.
I'll see you in the next one where we're going to start diving into version ing within our buckets.